README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/giving-a-fuck-about-climate-change/carbon-inferno.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/giving-a-fuck-about-climate-change/carbon-inferno)
[![Heroku](https://img.shields.io/badge/Heroku-Deployed-brightgreen.svg)](https://carbon-inferno.herokuapp.com/)

[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/giving-a-fuck-about-climate-change/carbon-inferno.svg)](https://github.com/giving-a-fuck-about-climate-change/carbon-inferno/issues)
[![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/giving-a-fuck-about-climate-change/carbon-inferno.svg)](https://github.com/giving-a-fuck-about-climate-change/carbon-inferno/network)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/giving-a-fuck-about-climate-change/carbon-inferno.svg)](https://github.com/giving-a-fuck-about-climate-change/carbon-inferno/stargazers)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/watchers/giving-a-fuck-about-climate-change/carbon-inferno.svg)](https://github.com/giving-a-fuck-about-climate-change/carbon-inferno/watchers)
[![Gitter chat](https://badges.gitter.im/giving-a-fuck-about-climate-change/gitter.png)](https://gitter.im/giving-a-fuck-about-climate-change/Lobby)
[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](http://makeapullrequest.com)

![CarbonDoomsDay Logo](https://i.imgur.com/jfj3CMs.png)

A [create-react-app]  web application for visualising tracking CO2 emissions since 1958.

[create-react-app]: https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app

This application is part of the [Carbon Doomsday project]:

[Carbon Doomsday project]: http://datadrivenjournalism.net/featured_projects/carbon_doomsday_tracking_co2_since_1958

> Carbon Doomsday is a real-time API and chart of worldwide carbon dioxide
> levels. Developed as a community project, its goal is to be an open-source
> platform for climate data. Data for the API and chart comes from NOAA’s Earth
> System Research Lab in Mauna Loa, Hawaii. The project is rooted in principles
> of free software, open data access and a willingness to contribute to further
> education on the global climate issue.

We pull our data from [api.carbondoomsday.com] while [giving a fuck].

[api.carbondoomsday.com]: http://api.carbondoomsday.com/apidocs/
[giving a fuck]: http://titojankowski.com/no-one-gives-a-fck-about-climate-change/

We're currently live in Beta over at [carbondoomsday.com].

[carbondoomsday.com]: http://www.carbondoomsday.com/

[Gitter Lobby]: https://gitter.im/giving-a-fuck-about-climate-change/Lobby

## How to run locally

Clone the project.

Install the dependencies using `npm i`

Run `npm start`

The app will run on `http://localhost:3000`

## Linting

We are using [eslint](https://github.com/eslint/eslint) and [prettier](https://github.com/prettier/prettier), we recommened setting up your editor to format on save. But we also have a git hook which will also do the prettier formatting upon committing.

## Tests

To run the tests run `npm test`.

## Deploy to Production

We are deploying to heroku which will deploy every pr merged to master.

Check the [buildpack](https://github.com/mars/create-react-app-buildpack) that we are using.

## Graph Component

Our Chart component is an SVG component written in react. We are using this [lib](https://github.com/grady-lad/react-svg-coordfuncs).

## Contributing 

We welcome all persons no matter skill level you have!

If you're interested in contributing, we need you! Please join us in the [Gitter Lobby].

Commit message:

Add note about carbondoomsday and vision.

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/giving-a-fuck-about-climate-change/carbon-inferno.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/giving-a-fuck-about-climate-change/carbon-inferno)
[![Heroku](https://img.shields.io/badge/Heroku-Deployed-brightgreen.svg)](https://carbon-inferno.herokuapp.com/)

[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/giving-a-fuck-about-climate-change/carbon-inferno.svg)](https://github.com/giving-a-fuck-about-climate-change/carbon-inferno/issues)
[![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/giving-a-fuck-about-climate-change/carbon-inferno.svg)](https://github.com/giving-a-fuck-about-climate-change/carbon-inferno/network)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/giving-a-fuck-about-climate-change/carbon-inferno.svg)](https://github.com/giving-a-fuck-about-climate-change/carbon-inferno/stargazers)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/watchers/giving-a-fuck-about-climate-change/carbon-inferno.svg)](https://github.com/giving-a-fuck-about-climate-change/carbon-inferno/watchers)
[![Gitter chat](https://badges.gitter.im/giving-a-fuck-about-climate-change/gitter.png)](https://gitter.im/giving-a-fuck-about-climate-change/Lobby)
[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](http://makeapullrequest.com)

![CarbonDoomsDay Logo](https://i.imgur.com/jfj3CMs.png)

A [create-react-app]  web application for visualising tracking CO2 emissions since 1958.

[create-react-app]: https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app

This application is part of the [Carbon Doomsday project]:

[Carbon Doomsday project]: http://datadrivenjournalism.net/featured_projects/carbon_doomsday_tracking_co2_since_1958

> Carbon Doomsday is a real-time API and chart of worldwide carbon dioxide
> levels. Developed as a community project, its goal is to be an open-source
> platform for climate data. Data for the API and chart comes from NOAA’s Earth
> System Research Lab in Mauna Loa, Hawaii. The project is rooted in principles
> of free software, open data access and a willingness to contribute to further
> education on the global climate issue.

We pull our data from [api.carbondoomsday.com] (powered by [carbondoomsday]) while [giving a fuck].

[api.carbondoomsday.com]: http://api.carbondoomsday.com/apidocs/
[giving a fuck]: http://titojankowski.com/no-one-gives-a-fck-about-climate-change/
[carbondoomsday]: https://github.com/giving-a-fuck-about-climate-change/carbondoomsday

We're currently live in Beta over at [carbondoomsday.com].

[carbondoomsday.com]: http://www.carbondoomsday.com/

[Gitter Lobby]: https://gitter.im/giving-a-fuck-about-climate-change/Lobby

## How to run locally

Clone the project.

Install the dependencies using `npm i`

Run `npm start`

The app will run on `http://localhost:3000`

## Linting

We are using [eslint](https://github.com/eslint/eslint) and [prettier](https://github.com/prettier/prettier), we recommened setting up your editor to format on save. But we also have a git hook which will also do the prettier formatting upon committing.

## Tests

To run the tests run `npm test`.

## Deploy to Production

We are deploying to heroku which will deploy every pr merged to master.

Check the [buildpack](https://github.com/mars/create-react-app-buildpack) that we are using.

## Graph Component

Our Chart component is an SVG component written in react. We are using this [lib](https://github.com/grady-lad/react-svg-coordfuncs).

## Contributing

We welcome all persons no matter skill level you have!

If you're interested in contributing, we need you! Please join us in the [Gitter Lobby].

You can also suggest changes or ideas over at our [vision] repository!

[vision]: https://github.com/giving-a-fuck-about-climate-change/vision
